Projects/Gravity/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
	Gravity
</h1>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games"><img src="../../.github/resources/github-repo-black.svg" alt="GitHub repo"></a>
	<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/"><img src="../../.github/resources/language-csharp.svg" alt="Language C#"></a>
	<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download"><img src="../../.github/resources/dotnet-badge.svg" title="Target Framework" alt="Target Framework"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/actions"><img src="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/workflows/Gravity%20Build/badge.svg" title="Goto Build" alt="Build"></a>
	<a href="https://discord.gg/4XbQbwF"><img src="../../.github/resources/discord-badge.svg" title="Go To Discord Server" alt="Discord"></a>
	<a href="../../LICENSE"><img src="../../.github/resources/license-MIT-green.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	You can play this game in your browser:
	<br />
	<a href="https://dotnet.github.io/dotnet-console-games/Gravity" alt="Play Now">
		<sub><img height="40"src="../../.github/resources/play-badge.svg" alt="Play Now"></sub>
	</a>
	<br />
	<sup>Hosted On GitHub Pages</sup>
</p>

Gravity is a phsysics based game. Control gravity to guide yourself to the goal!

```
█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX          █XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX          █
█XXXXXXX          █         ●                                   █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXX█          █                                             █
████████          ███████████████████████████████████████████████
█                                                               █
█                                                               █
█                                                               █
█XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX█          █XXXXXXXXXXX█
██████████████████████████████████████████          █████████████
█XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX█          █XXXXXXXXXXX█
█    ╭───╮                                                      █
█    │   │                                                      █
█    ╰───╯                                                      █
█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
```

## Input

- `↑`, `↓`, `←`, `→`: change gravity
- `e`: switch wall/open space
- `enter`: confirm
- `escape`: close

## Downloads

[win-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/win-x64/Gravity.exe)

[linux-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/linux-x64/Gravity)

[osx-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/osx-x64/Gravity)

Commit message:

* e -> spacebar * string[][] -> char[][][] * minor clean up * website update

Projects/Gravity/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
	Gravity
</h1>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games"><img src="../../.github/resources/github-repo-black.svg" alt="GitHub repo"></a>
	<a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/"><img src="../../.github/resources/language-csharp.svg" alt="Language C#"></a>
	<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download"><img src="../../.github/resources/dotnet-badge.svg" title="Target Framework" alt="Target Framework"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/actions"><img src="https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/workflows/Gravity%20Build/badge.svg" title="Goto Build" alt="Build"></a>
	<a href="https://discord.gg/4XbQbwF"><img src="../../.github/resources/discord-badge.svg" title="Go To Discord Server" alt="Discord"></a>
	<a href="../../LICENSE"><img src="../../.github/resources/license-MIT-green.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	You can play this game in your browser:
	<br />
	<a href="https://dotnet.github.io/dotnet-console-games/Gravity" alt="Play Now">
		<sub><img height="40"src="../../.github/resources/play-badge.svg" alt="Play Now"></sub>
	</a>
	<br />
	<sup>Hosted On GitHub Pages</sup>
</p>

Gravity is a "physics" based game. Control gravity to guide yourself to the goal!

```
█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX                                                        █
█XXXXXXX          █XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX          █
█XXXXXXX          █         ●                                   █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXXX          █                                             █
█XXXXXX█          █                                             █
████████          ███████████████████████████████████████████████
█                                                               █
█                                                               █
█                                                               █
█XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX█          █XXXXXXXXXXX█
██████████████████████████████████████████          █████████████
█XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX█          █XXXXXXXXXXX█
█    ╭───╮                                                      █
█    │   │                                                      █
█    ╰───╯                                                      █
█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
```

## Input

- `↑`, `↓`, `←`, `→`: change gravity
- `spacebar`: toggle `#` walls and `~` spaces
- `enter`: confirm
- `escape`: close

## Downloads

[win-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/win-x64/Gravity.exe)

[linux-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/linux-x64/Gravity)

[osx-x64](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-console-games/raw/binaries/osx-x64/Gravity)
